Inguma 'autoscan' report started at Mon Mar 26 22:32:42 2018
------------------------------------------------------------

Getting whois database information target autoscan

Connecting to server: whois.internic.net ...
Connected, sending query: autoscan ...

--------------------------
Whois database information
--------------------------

No match for "AUTOSCAN".
>>> Last update of whois database: 2018-03-27T01:32:36Z <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.


TCP scanning target autoscan

Scanning port 15 (1/418)tcpscan: CPrintWrapper instance has no attribute 'flush'
MAC Address target autoscan

getmac: illegal IP address string passed to inet_aton
Checking if is in promiscuous state target autoscan

ispromisc: [Errno -2] Nome ou serviço desconhecido
Identifying services target autoscan

No ports detected with a portscanner and the value of port is 0.
Detecting operating system target autoscan

An error ocurred, may be user has not enough privileges or
Couldn't find nmap OS fingerprint DB at data/nmap-os-fingerprints
Gathering NetBIOS information target autoscan

nmbstat: [Errno -2] Nome ou serviço desconhecido
Connecting to the CIFS server target autoscan

Error [Errno Connection error (autoscan:445)] [Errno -2] Nome ou serviço desconhecido
[+] Trying a NULL connection ... 
[!] CSmbClient instance has no attribute 'smb'
You will need to login first :(
Dumping RPC endpoints target autoscan

Dumping SAM database target autoscan

Finding 'gold' anonymously in the CIFS shares target autoscan
smbgold: [Errno Connection error (autoscan:445)] [Errno -2] Nome ou serviço desconhecido
